Updating wording for contacting support (#1045)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/using-the-api/webhooks/core-rules-webhooksecurity.md

## Disable webhook security for specific rules

> If you want to override webhook security for specific rules, please raise a ticket with our support team through [this form](https://codat.zendesk.com/hc/en-gb/requests/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to override webhook security for specific rules, please raise a ticket with our support team through the [support request form](https://codat.zendesk.com/hc/en-gb/requests/new).
```
